Continuing from Vagrant Project Build Issue: Inspect the files in the user's current project folder, especially the .md file they referenced, and help assess/build the project locally using Vagrant with VirtualBox on their machine (Ryzen 7 5700, RTX 3070, 32 GB RAM). First inspect the project documentation and repository structure, identify prerequisites, Vagrant/VirtualBox requirements, resource allocation, and exact build/run steps. If the project files are available, proceed with the appropriate local setup or provide precise commands and flag any blockers. Aug 13, 2:36 PM Worked for 1m I can’t inspect or build the project yet: the current folder has no repository, .md files, Vagrantfile, or other project files. What I found locally: Vagrant is installed: 2.4.9 VirtualBox’s VBoxManage command is not available, and it wasn’t found in the usual install locations—so VirtualBox is likely not installed or not usable from this account. Your Ryzen 7 / 32 GB RAM is ample for most Vagrant builds. Start with 4–6 vCPUs and 8–12 GB RAM; don’t allocate all 32 GB to the VM. The RTX 3070 is generally not usable for CUDA/graphics workloads inside a VirtualBox Vagrant VM. If this project needs GPU acceleration, WSL2 or native Linux is usually the better route. Once you provide the project folder path or upload/clone the repo into this task folder, I’ll inspect its README and Vagrant configuration and give exact commands. The likely workflow will be: cd <project-folder> vagrant up --provider=virtualbox vagrant ssh Before that, install/repair Oracle VirtualBox, enable CPU virtualization (SVM) in BIOS if needed, and ensure Hyper-V/VBS conflicts are addressed if VirtualBox cannot start VMs. Aug 13, 2:37 PM gemini-code-1786620947432.md Vagrantfile Worked for 1h 45m 47s The full three-VM environment is now running and healthy. Jenkins: running and responding at http://localhost:8080 Ansible: installed (ansible-core 2.17.14) Minikube/Kubernetes: control plane running; node is Ready Vagrantfile: validated successfully I fixed the Jenkins provisioning failure in Vagrantfile: Jenkins’ 2023 signing key had been retired, causing NO_PUBKEY 7198F4B714ABFC68. The configuration now uses the 2026 Jenkins key and Java 21, in line with the current Jenkins Ubuntu installation guide. Your allocated VM resources are reasonable for 32 GB RAM: Jenkins: 2 CPU / 2 GB Ansible: 2 CPU / 2 GB Kubernetes: 2 CPU / 4 GB Total: 6 vCPU / 8 GB RAM Useful next steps: cd D:\devops-k8s-project vagrant status vagrant ssh jenkins Then open Jenkins at http://localhost:8080. If Jenkins shows its unlock page, retrieve its setup password with: vagrant ssh jenkins -c "sudo cat /var/lib/jenkins/secrets/initialAdminPassword" For future rebuilds, use: vagrant provision jenkins vagrant provision ansible vagrant provision k8s Avoid vagrant destroy unless you explicitly want to discard the VMs and their data. Web preview Website Aug 13, 4:24 PM you should know that idea is from "https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLu1bCv5AByGUZUl4N2fhZdtHg0pd7G8E&si=dgzwMseiAQcbAU52" and I try gemini first then go to chatgpt and I want to develop the idea, adding Terraform and go to cloud, what do you think Aug 14, 3:21 PM Worked for 33s Yes—this is a strong idea to develop into a real DevOps portfolio project. Your local Vagrant lab already has the right story: Jenkins → Ansible → Kubernetes. Terraform is the missing infrastructure layer that makes it cloud-ready and repeatable. I’d evolve it in this order: Stabilize the local lab first. Keep the fixed Jenkins provisioner. Verify Ansible can actually reach the k8s VM with ansible k8s -m ping. Your current generated Ansible SSH key is not automatically authorized on the k8s VM, so this likely needs a key-sharing or authorized_keys step. Put all shell provisioning into versioned scripts/Ansible roles instead of long inline Vagrant commands. Add Terraform for cloud infrastructure. Start with one cloud—AWS is the most broadly transferable choice. Terraform should create the network, subnets, security groups, VM/compute resources, and remote state storage. Keep provisioning separate: Terraform creates infrastructure; Ansible configures hosts; Kubernetes manifests or Helm deploy applications. This separation is the industry-standard shape of the project. Move Kubernetes thoughtfully. For learning the full stack, deploy k3s on cloud VMs first: it preserves your Ansible/Kubernetes learning. For a more production-like version, move to managed Kubernetes (EKS, AKS, or GKE) after that. Do not try to carry the VirtualBox nested-Minukube approach to cloud—it is a local lab technique, not the cloud architecture. Turn it into a delivery pipeline. A Git push triggers Jenkins. Jenkins runs tests, builds a container image, pushes it to a registry, and deploys through Helm/Kubernetes. Store credentials in Jenkins credentials and cloud secret management—not in the repository. A clean target architecture is: Git repository → Jenkins pipeline → container registry → Kubernetes deployment Terraform → cloud network + compute/Kubernetes infrastructure Ansible → configuration of cloud VMs (when using VM-based Kubernetes) For a portfolio, I’d name it something like “Automated Cloud-Native Delivery Platform” and document each layer: Vagrant local environment, Terraform infrastructure, Ansible configuration, Jenkins CI/CD, and Kubernetes deployment. The playlist page did not expose usable metadata to inspect directly, but the direction you’re taking is exactly the right next step: turn the tutorial-style local setup into an idempotent, documented infrastructure project. Aug 14, 3:21 PM Stabilize the local lab first. Keep the fixed Jenkins provisioner. Verify Ansible can actually reach the k8s VM with ansible k8s -m ping. Your current generated Ansible SSH key is not automatically authorized on the k8s VM, so this likely needs a key-sharing or authorized_keys step. I would like to add monitoring system and run wordpress on the minikube Aug 15, 3:01 PM Worked for 4m 40s I confirmed the Ansible key-sharing gap, but this task currently has read-only access to D:\devops-k8s-project and cannot access Vagrant’s SSH key. I therefore could not safely apply the changes to the running VMs. I prepared the deployment script and Vagrantfile change reference: k8s-apps.sh Vagrantfile.patch Apply the patch’s changes to D:\devops-k8s-project\Vagrantfile, then copy the script into D:\devops-k8s-project\provision\k8s-apps.sh. The changes: share the Ansible controller’s public key via /vagrant/ansible-k8s.pub authorize that key on the k8s VM increase k8s resources to 3 CPU / 6 GB RAM install WordPress with MariaDB install Prometheus and Grafana expose WordPress through http://localhost:31200 forward Grafana through host port 3000 (or a corrected port reported by Vagrant) Then run: cd D:\devops-k8s-project vagrant reload k8s vagrant provision ansible vagrant provision k8s vagrant ssh ansible -c "ansible k8s -m ping" vagrant ssh k8s -c "kubectl get pods -A" vagrant port k8s Retrieve credentials locally—do not commit them: vagrant ssh k8s -c "kubectl get secret -n wordpress wordpress -o jsonpath='{.data.wordpress-password}' | base64 -d; echo" vagrant ssh k8s -c "kubectl get secret -n monitoring monitoring-grafana -o jsonpath='{.data.admin-password}' | base64 -d; echo" Grafana’s username is admin. Web preview Website Aug 15, 3:06 PM it stook Tuesday 10:26 PM It is stuck before provisioning—Vagrant is waiting for the k8s VM’s SSH service. This is safe to interrupt; it has not yet run the new Kubernetes/WordPress steps. Wait up to 3–5 minutes once. If nothing changes, press Ctrl+C once. Then run: vagrant status k8s vagrant ssh k8s If vagrant ssh k8s also hangs, open VirtualBox Manager and inspect DevOps-K8s: If it is Paused, click Resume. If it is Running but shows a black screen, choose Close → Power Off, then run: vagrant up k8s If it is Powered Off, run: vagrant up k8s Do not run vagrant destroy; that would remove the VM and its Minikube data. One detail from the screenshot: only port 31200 is configured. That means the Grafana port-forward addition has not yet been applied to the Vagrantfile, so focus on getting the k8s VM reachable first. Tuesday 10:27 PM make md file for everythink in detail Outputs Local preview Local preview Local preview Local preview Local preview Sources Screenshot 2026-08-21 224638.png Screenshot 2026-08-18 224228.png Screenshot 2026-08-18 223810.png View all